My house needs redecorating inside.
My kids did all the walls in our house.
I won't redecorate my house until my kids grow up.
A warm drink just makes me feel better. It reminds me of when I'd shovel the sidewalk with my family growing up.
I don't get to enjoy warm drinks as much as I'd like as we are always working.
I love a warm hot chocolate during a cold day. My family has been working on the house, so we've been outdoors a lot lately, wha about your family?
I have to work to support myself and my family.
I wasn't able to finish school.  I had to go to work to support my parents.
I want to get a job to help my family.
Hopefully, my parents can support me while I am in college.
My schooling is close to being completed, which is good because I need to land a high paying job ASAP since I am the one who supports my parents.
Unfortunately, I have had to drop out of school and get a job.  I am the one supports my parents.
My sister has a couple of orange trees, and is always bringing some over.
I don't but my children do.
I love squeezed oranges like the ones I get from the trees in my backyard. My sister's always asking me for some and I have to remember to get extra for her because my sister has children.
I heard it's hard to stay in shape as a single parent because you don't have time to exercise.
He's still young, so my wife and I take turns getting out of the house. I go running for my workout and to get a break from parenting.
It's hard to keep up with my kid.
I have a kid with whom I run with every morning.
I bond with my only kid by exercising.
I need to be healthy for my kid.
My grandfather didn't know how to swim either.  He fought in WW2.
My grandfather was in the seals and did a lot of water based deployments.
I guess you will not join the navy.
I only like shopping for food ingredients.  I make my own pizza.
I have to go to work tomorrow.
There is a mall that I like to go to.  I like to go to the food court and get pepperoni pizza there.
I've heard flowers some times ruin home made clothes.
I love hiking and climbing. Nothing nicer than a mountain view.
That sounds nice.  Have you ever tried some of the trails in the mountains?
Trails are fun which is why I go to the mountains.
I use my car to go on road trips around the country every summer. I love to drive my car.
I couldn't wait to venture out on my own. I believe that's why I love to drive my car.
I wish I had more time to travel.  I enjoy visiting national parks and I love to drive my car.
I enjoy doing something more adventurous
As much as I love technology, I also like thrill seeking.
My love for computers and phones have led me to watch videos which have me thinking that jumping out of a plane would be exciting.
I am a teenager who lives with my entire family, which makes privacy tough sometimes. For instance, I enjoy surfing the web and I don't like them seeing everything I do.
What are things you like to do?
I spend a lot of time on the internet.
I wish I could better myself but its hard.
I am guilty a lot of times, no matter how hard I try not to feel that way. It's just that I so often spend my days eating, watching TV and accomplishing nothing—and I feel terrible that I'm wasting my life.
I feel guilty about wasting my time.
I aspire to paint murals all over the city by using some acrylic paints.
I have only done small paintings.
I am recently divorced.  I work with my ex and I don't like my job.
I need to change my whole life, actually.
I don't have a spouse, but sometimes it feels like I'm married to my crappy job, so I can relate to the desire to find something new.
Both of my parents died.
My family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so I am searching for employment. Whatever happens, though, I won't be homeless because I have a house in the midwest.
Whenever I visit back home in the midwest I go searching for temporary employment while I'm living there.
We bought a new home to replace it but it is nothing like the old one.
I prefer wearing white, since that's what I'll wear when I'm a doctor.
Purple is the color of my university, which has a great medical school.
I would have to wear a white coat at work if I followed my dreams.
I like to have a clean face to look good on camera in Hollywood.
I think it's important for stars to take care of their skin.
Like a famous celeb? Or an actual star? Maybe you should calm down and wash your face first.
Me, too, numerous times. I had to because my mom is an actress.
My mom was in a band when she lived in France.
I sailed with my mom on a cruise ship.
I always play outside at her house.
Ohh, do you think you will ever dye it any other color. Oh look it's Mr. Happy! I heard he is recently single, what do you think about him?
Many men prefer blonde women but I am happy to marry a loving woman with a natural brunette
One of the reasons I like mr happy is because mr happy is a brunette, although it's dyed.
I am taking a year off before college so I can save money for a car.
What are you planing to do in the gap?
I need to get a car before I go to college.
My wife thinks I need to get a real job.
I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing but I still can't give up my art career because I love it too much, so as long as I live, I will say that I am a painter of landscapes.
I can relate because as a artist I am always starving.
I don't make much money painting, and it's damaging my marriage.
Art has ruined my marriage.
I don't make a lot of money either.  I paint landscapes and that doesn't make a lot of money.
I don't know what I want to do either.  Right now I'm a landscape painter.
I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I would probably be suicidal if it weren't for my relaxing hobby, which I adore: I am a painter of landscapes, you see.
I've heard artists have a tough time with their spouses.
I own my own yacht.
I was able to buy a home near the ocean after finally saving enough money to move.
I want to save my money to buy a houseboat.  I love being on the water.
I would use that money to buy a boat.
I would live on a yacht if I had all the money in the world.
I am a great fisherman
I'll eat anything out of the ocean.
Lobsters are awesome! I love stuff from the ocean. Have you ever swum in ocean
We freeze a lot of meat in the winter, but I really enjoy catfish the most.
My favorite mexican dish is a special venison meal they make after deer hunting.
I play varsity level soccer and work at the local Nike outlet.
I like to wear my leather coat
I am my own person and I don't care what anyone says. A lot of people ask me why I wear blue all the time and I just tell it's because I like it. Everything I have is blue—look, even my footwear is navy.
I wear my own style of clothing.
I have my own style too.  I like to wear navy shoes.
Me too, especially pizza
I enjoy eating Italian food and I like all kinds but pizza is my favorite!
Ordering take-out is my greatest talent.
But I work at a fashion store that sells jeans, and I love fashion so I don't want to give up my job.
I wish that I had lots of money so I could shop even more.
I work at a clothing store, but I want to leave to be a groupie for my favorite pop star.
My cubicle has a citrus tone to it.
The circus is great.  It makes me happy, unlike my dull office job.
I like the smell of citrus too! I also really like amber. Did you ever tell me what it is you do for work?
I always put on a scent when going to church
Tone of citrus, that sounds incredibly descriptive, are you a creative for your day job?
You should come to the fruit market I work at.
Have you ever tried cooking in a Crock Pot?
I like cheese as a side to a hot dish.  Like a stew or soup.
I'm lactose intolerant unfortunately. I prefer to make soups and stews, especially in this cold weather.
Yeah, you've been playing really well! It is crazy, how do you feel about your progress?
I was so terrible when I was a young QB a year ago.  Now People follow me around due to my playing ability.
I play on my football team.
My mom and I drink lipton together.
My mother's the only person I admire, and I've admired her since the day she helped me with my lipton lemonade stand.
When I was little my mom always gave me lipton tea.
oh yea, and my puppy loves it as well.
I take my dog to the beach all the time.
I take my puppy to the beach and walk in the sand with him.
I take Georgie out on beach walks all the time because he loves to play on the sand.
I like walking in the sand on the ocean with my puppy.
I like to take my puppy on walks on the beach.  His name is Georgie.
Dolphins are really smart.  That's why my dad made commercials about their protection.
my dad works with animals on television
Dad makes commercials of the smartest ocean animal.
I went there on a road trip once. I love driving.
I listen to grunge in my car.
I like the capital of grunge and I drove hundreds of miles to see it, which is fine because I like being in my car for long periods of time.
You should follow in his footstep.
My dad did that for a while, but it wasn't good money.  I want something that pays more.
That job doesn't pay well.
I heard a lot of athletes are introverts
I don't like to go out, instead I stay in and watch basketball.
I spend a lot of time in my room watching NBA games.
Working in tech can be very stressful.
I'd like to apply for a tech job, but I'm afraid of being drug tested as part of the interview process since I like to loosen up with pot on occasion.
Working can be tedious.  Sometimes, I loosen up with a joint.
I am great at putting together a trendy outfit, but I wasn't good in school.
All my shirts have slogans on them.
My style has bad grammar.
I have a dream of working in Yellowstone National Park during the winter.
I wouldn't want to work in D.C., though.
It'd be nice to be in Washington - the weather's usually pretty good there.
Being short gave me a lot of time in the library growing up.
I like to read in my free time because I'm very tall in real life and find it awkward moving around the world.
Height is missing from my stature, which makes me uncomfortable around people so instead I spend my spare time in novels.
I try to. My parents are farmers and instilled a love of plant in me. I enjoy gardening and growing plants.
My parents are farmers so I like to grow plants.
Even though I don't have kids, I feel like a parent myself as I love to grow plants and spend a lot of time every day nurturing them.
Your complexion is lovely and I wish I was able to maintain such a complexion in the military.
I have a rough complexion because I used to be in the army.
Luckily I don't, as I spent most of my time outdoors.  This was true especially while I was in the military.
I like to take my dogs on walks or ride bicycles in the park.
Wow! That must be hard to walk them! Do you ride a skateboard or anything when you walk you dogs?
i love seeing everything from above
I couldn't get into sports because it's hard to breath in the higher altitude where I live.
I would love to learn to fly. I love heights of any kind.
I do not get to show my talent at work.
Raw talent is important.  I have learned the importance of talent from my job.
I have talent as a clerk.
i love watching the sky from a new place
Have  you ever  studied  the  stars ? What  uncharted parts of the world are you looking at ?
Yes, I think of going to the stars.  I look up at night and imagine; I love the sky in the evening.
I love traveling.  I'm a pilot.  I love the sky in the evening.
I love the night sky so much that I've started night hiking into new areas so I can see the outdoors at a different time.
I love any kind of travel, as long as I am in nature.
I take my pets to the ocean to play.
I like to bring my dog to the beach.
I have a couple pets who love going to the beach with me, which is nice because I really enjoy the ocean.
You sound like you have the same taste as my sister.  I have an identical sibling, Jane.
My sister usually cooks them
I sister loves junk food.
I like to eat greasy things, which is the complete opposite of my twin sister. Isn't that weird? Oh, did I fail to mention that I have an identical sibling, Jane?
my sister loves greasy food also
I also indulge in those types of foods so often that I've put on a lot of weight, and you wouldn't even suspect that my sibling, Jane, and I are identical twins.
I have had to work since a young age.
My mom used to work as a waitress
My mom worked in a restaurant when she was raising me, but she didn't make much money there.
My dogs fall asleep to music.
I love dogs too and I also love music.
My dog calms down when listening to music.
What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
When I am not with family and friends I am reading.
I dislike my family. I prefer to lock myself in my room and read lots of books.
Do your parents love music too?
However being married with kids doesn't satisfy my or make me happy.
My parents were married for 10 years, then they got a divorce when I was young.  I guess that's one of the reasons I do not feel good about myself.
i wish i were married but i have  just broke up with my boyfriend.
Being a woman with children is a great honor.
I can't imagine what it's like being a mother.
Me too, isn't it wonderful.  I love being a mom.
I like to eat Mac and Cheese with cheddar.
Cheddar is one of my favorite cheeses. I like using it in different recipes, because I enjoy preparing meals for my family.
I like to use cheddar in my meals.
I love tennis and reading.  I love reading mysteries in my free time usually,
I got injured so I started reading a lot.
i like to play tennis and read mysteries.
When I have children, I think it will be important to make sure they eat well.
Making healthy choices means my body is better off.  I like having a healthy body because that means I'm more likely to have kids.
Healthy diet is important for the health and pregnancy as in the future I would like to have a couple of children.
I could really use a chauffeur after I drink because drinking and driving is bad. I really like to go out with my girlfriends and enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.
I know of that -- a designated family member who must drive everyone around, right? I could never recover from the stress of having to drive people around constantly.
I drive around for my friends a lot.  I don't drink so I'm the designated driver.
I don't know how to sew, but my mother does.
Romance has never been a priority for me. I like to focus on my career, since my job is a professional one.
It's hard to have feelings for someone when you have a professional job like I do.
My ex works at my company .
I love my job.
I like working in science too.  I am in tech.
I am an amateur entomologist, so I love talking about bugs. But people always think I mean coding bugs—like in computers—because I also work in tech.
I have a pet snake who is very important to me, but it's a problem because I live in a small apartment complex and they want me to give up my snake so in order to keep him, my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
I like to give my cats pizza occasionally as treats
My cat loves to eat thin crust with me.
I enjoy cats.  Except when they eat my thin crust pizza.
I like to go to the park with my dog, but it's not exciting.  He's cute though and looks like a wolf.
I like to take my dog hunting with me because it's so exciting, testing your skills against a wild animal.
Activities after school are fun.  Especially when I bring my wolf-like dog to play games.
My pop was an educator, so I wanted to do this to make him proud.
Oh! What kind of clients did he drive? Oh yeah, why did our boss call you in yesterday?
One day he set up a meeting with me and he mayor.
I work in an art gallery.  I love working with colorful things.
I always get distracted by jello.
I just bought a new neon kitchenware set. I love the colors!
I love my kids.  I take care of them while my wife is away in the army.
I have raised them a lot of the time by myself since my wife is so busy.
Four! Wow, how do you deal with it? What does your spouse do?
We tour the country in my car.
I looked for the best rated car to get for the performer.
Cool, do you travel in a big tour bus? I am a bit of a transportation enthusiast, so I love driving, especially in my cool German car.
I prefer chicken over steak. So where are you moving? To another apartment, or are you getting a home?
I only like my steak grilled, but I haven't had an outdoor grill what with living in an apartment. Maybe it's time I moved into a place with a lawn.
I live in a great neighborhood with a nice steakhouse around the corner.
That's cool, do you like the company that you are currently working for?
Now I work for myself.
I mainly enjoy what I do for a living because I work for time warner, a billion dollar corporation, and I make lots of money.
On a good day when there's not much traffic, it takes me about sn hour. On a day with a lot of traffic it takes up to two hours.
I usually hope to avoid much traffic on my way to work.
The traffic is the worst at specific times of day.
I like to play sports in my spare time.
i do like some screen time though.
I can't concentrate long enough to do either of those things. I'd rather play video games.
I like my job but I wish that I could retire.
There can be so much stress from that type of work, no?
I want to retire to a tropical island.
My time outdoors caused me to write petitions.
I think observing animals and seeing their importance to the environment is an important thing about being outdoors and in nature.  That's why I stand up for animals and the planet.
Nature is very precious.
Hollywood is suitable for people with passion because I am an outgoing person who loves people.
I think you have to be an extrovert to work in Hollywood.  That would be good for me as I am an outgoing person who loves people.
You can't be an introvert if you want to work in hollywood.
i like jazz and collecting dolls.
of often play music while looking at my dolls
I like to cook when I don't have to work.
I usually make my own lunches for work.
I enjoy making good tasting food, I always try to bring a plate or two to my job in commerce.
i sometimes cook lunch for my coworkers
It must be rewarding having a job that involves some creativity. I have kind of a boring job, just a commerce position.
I work in a job that cooks food.
My favorite candy is brown, sugary confections. My twin brother loves them too and so do my two twin sisters; I don't know what it is, twins seem to run in my family.
Twins and also diabetes seem to run in my family, because all of the tweens have a sweet tooth and got diabetes before they turned 20 years old.
The twins in my family also love sugary confections.
We want a huge family.
We want many children in the future.
I'm not married and no kids, but my sister has lots of kids.
I'm not married, but my sister is.  She has a lot of kids.
I'm not married, but my sister is.
I'm not married, but I have two kids.
I started a restaurant featuring foods I like.
My first day of high school I brought a bunch of sweet candies for my friends and I to eat at recess.
You must be young
I love to eat sweets at my high school.
My wife just got a promotion as well.
That's great! I bet your family is really happy, I can't remember, do you have an kids?
A stable job is an important income as my wife and i have a small family of 5.
I hope I can make enough for a new car.
My favorite thing about foreign cars is they're reliable, and I need my car to be reliable because I have a long work commute.
I would not consider that a bad thing, but I would hate "working for the man" in any form and being stuck in such a deal.
I've also been actively avoiding a job, that's why I play video games all day.
Me neither. I'm pretty happy collecting unemployment and playing video games all day
me neither. i prefer what i currently do, which is play video games all day.
i think most women like shopping.
I buy a lot of plus size clothing.
It's hard for me to find clothes that fit me.
I get mad a lot too.  I think I need to stay out of clubs where there is too much drinking.
My friends and family annoy me so I just like to people watch.
I constantly have feelings of anger, especially since I've stopped drinking. It's probably not a good idea that I hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.
I'm planning to travel to Germany, but I want to speak the language first.
I haven't been to Germany yet.
I like traveling to other countries. For instance, I'd really like to go to Germany but I want to talk German when I do.
I have two dogs on my river house.
I live there with my dogs.
I take my dogs fishing with me on the canoe boat, and I often see houseboats floating along the river when I go fishing early in the morning.
My dad would always ride his bicycle to work, even in bad weather.
Sweet, I have been riding my bike more casually with my dad. My dad rode bikes competitively for years, what does your dad do?
I used to spend a lot of time on my bike as I had trouble making friends.
However I feel really close to my mom and sisters.  I put them close to my heart in ink so I have three tattoos.
I made sure to get a tattoo for all of my parents and grandparents that are alive.
My Dad is a tattoo artist.
I work in a restaurant as a grill cook.
I have two dogs.
Not only do I like restaurant food but also I work as a grill cook.
I really want to adopt a dog, but my mom says that I am too young and irresponsible.
I was never allowed to have a pet when I was little.
Dogs kind of saved me from myself when I was younger.
dogs are good companions for when you are young
I had a lot of different kinds of dogs growing up as well.  Sometimes they got me into trouble though.
I sick my dogs on people.
I never took good care of my dogs.
I always wanted to own a dog as a kid, but my parents refused to buy me one because I was constantly getting into trouble when I was growing up.
I had a pet canine as a boy and we would always run off and cause trouble for the neighborhood.
I go to the gym and try to eat healthy.  I really like chicken and rice.
I like to paint pictures of my kitten.
I enjoy painting and I love doing portraits of my new kitten, who I just decided to call Whiskers so now my kitten has a name.
My cat likes to watch when I am painting
It's not my chosen field, but I have immense respect for it as both of my parents were scientists
I think what our parents do has a great effect on what career we choose.
With the flexible schedule of a freelancer, what do you do in your spare time?
I like to go to the movies which would probably be a lot easier if I did more freelance work and not be tied to a schedule.
I have been working a lot of hours.  To relax I like to go to the movies.
I was a member of a band, until a stint in rehab kept me away.
I have heard that music groups sometimes like to use illegal substances. Personally, I do not use illegal substances because I do no have access to them.
A lot of musicians take drugs.
i spend a lot of time in my house.
Me too, that's why I'm trying to save up enough so that I can spend all day in the ocean. The secret to my success is that I make money on the side.
I love being at the beach.  I can go anytime I want because I have a side job that makes me lots of money on the side.
I have a beach house that I like to spend any extra time I can find at.
I sketch during breakfast.
I enjoy sketching humans because I am an admirer of the human form—including my own, which is why I eat healthy. In fact, there's nothing I love more than eating an egg.
I like drawing while I'm eating eggs.
I have just been getting Wintet clothing since the temps here were much colder than usual for a few days.
I have a few name brand shirts, but it's really too cold to wear them outside right now.
I wear my logo sweatshirt in the cold weather outside.
I take my time to get to know someone, we are all very complex creatures. What do you think about this picture for my new phone screen?
What I find the most soothing is when I'm around people I have a good feeling about.
Most people give me anxiety so I have to calm myself.
I found my love of wordplay in languages leads to me liking music like rap which involves a lot of wordplay
I am vegan.
I went vegetarian myself some time ago, however I'm also lactose-intolerant, so I'm unintentionally vegan as well.
I do not eat meat anymore. I have simplified my entire diet. Actually I do not eat meat nor dairy. Neither are good for you.
I find that yoga helps me to gain new ideas.
I initially wanted a job in food science, a similar field, but the career in advertising that I fell into means my bachelors degree is all but useless.
I work as a farmer, but I have a bachelors degree in business.
I want to study agriculture in college
The eclipse injured my eyes and made it hard for me to see, so I'm really bad at sports, especially baseball. I've been hit in the head by plenty of baseballs I never saw coming.
Baseball excites me.  Its almost as exciting as the eclipse I saw as a child.
I am also into astronomy.
I love chilling at home eating Mexican food while watching films.
I enjoy cooking during the weekends.
I like to eat mexican food while watching films at home.
i love creating artwork
I'm not good at math.  That is why I'm going to school for art.
Adding is hard since I am not left brained.  I'm right brained so I focus on art for school.
I would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders, but I have to try not to be so careless because I recently became a pet owner and now I own a cute puppy.
My puppy is constantly getting away from my when I take him out on walks. I lose track of a lot of things.
I hope that despite that I can take care of my puppy.
I’ve been married for 96 months which has caused me to change my diet to only eating salads.
I try to stay slim for my husband.
since I got married I became a vegetarian
I teach animals for my career but I think I made the wrong choice job-wise. To tell you the truth, I don't really like animals so I don't really feel like I fit in.
I never teach people
I work as an animal trainer.  I don't feel like I fit in with people.
I sing at the local den.
I have no clue what qualifications or anything really a cub master would do or sound like even.
That's cool! Did you have to do a peer review yet? What did the kids say about you?
I was never in scouts, because I thought it was too dorky, and I'm too cool for that.
I sang once for cub scouts.
I love overnight camping trips.
The smell of smoke meat stimulates my creativity because my job entails writing.
I write about the meat I eat.
I like eating a steak when I'm writing something for my job.
I like eating meat when I'm writing my assignments for work.
I used to date a food critic.
I talk about meat as a food critic
I prefer italian food.
I only like one Italian dish, though.
Sometimes I get tired of Mexican food.  So I order Italian
I live a wild life too.  I think I could use a trip or cruise.
I think relaxing is a good idea.
I find traveling helps when I get to hardcore with my living.
I need people to help me animate.
I need a new partner on this comic book that I'm working on.
I own a business with a partner.
I love visiting my sister an her kids in France as much as possible.
My nieces and nephews are fun.  I always take them on trips to Europe.
I took my nieces and nephews to Europe once.  I go there once a year.
I have three sisters.
I use music for everything. For instance, I need music playing when I work out or when I'm at the gym using the pool.
I like to listen to music when I am working out.
The gym I go to plays good music while you work out.
Interesting, I am a morning person. I like to be up and out by eight, are you dating anyone currently? Does your partner also stay in bed until noon?
I am in bed looking at dating profiles.
i can't sleep when i'm alone in bed
One time while cooking, I accidentally dropped a very sharp knife on my foot.
One time when I was cooking I almost cut off my finger with a knife. It would match my foot, because I have a missing pinky toe.
I also have had accidents while cooking.
My favorite tabletop game is Dungeons & Dragons. We love detailing all the character stats because it reminds us of RPG video games.
My friends and I love to play D&D.
I prefer interacting with people.
I love the fantasy lands that tv and movies are often set it.
I want to be some of the characters.  That is one of the reasons I like cosplay.
my favorite is anime.
I once majored in English.  My dad told me I'd need it for when I become a cop like him.
I decided to become a teacher, and not follow in my dad's footsteps.
I couldn't go to college.  My did was in law enforcement and didn't make enough money for tuition.
I don't even have time to work out.
The same with my job, and as you can see, I could use some exercise time.  I really need to go to the gym more.
I work at a gym.
My child wants to become a zoologist.
Smart children are so much fun.  I really enjoy them when they question me when I work at the zoo.
My child is very smart. He's an animal lover and can name almost every creature in the animal kingdom. Seriously this kid knows more about the subject than I do—and I work at the zoo!
I once read a study that claimed democrats wear glasses more than republicans.
I think Republicans need glasses in order to take a look at themselves more closely in the mirror.
I am a democrat with perfect eyesight.
It's less stressful there.
I just stay home and play video games
I don't have a job so I just play videogames.
I don't make much money either.  I sit at home playing mario.
I don't want to stay in my community.  I want to travel.
I am very active in the community and I've met some great people. In fact, I'm organizing a trip for all of us to go to a nearby artisan community because I want to travel and make things and so do they.
I am not involved very much with mine.
I spend a lot of time working on my looks and appearances.
When I know I’m gonna be out and about I definitely take time to make sure I look good.
i usually don't care about how i look when i'm at home.
I traveled to Italy once with my dad.
I never travelled much. My father has, but he has been out of my life for a while.
My friend is the only one I am close to.
I want to eat better, but my job is overworking me and I'm too stressed to eat my vegetables.
I am always busy with work and never have time for myself.
My job is in government relations, which keeps me very busy and it's tough to find time to cook good meals so I consume a poor diet.
I am in charge of a business that cleans homes, which I started with my friend Nick who I met when I started to follow Nick online.
Nick is the owner of the cleaning business and he's in charge of my employment, so I do what he says.
I own a cleaning business.  However Nick has more experience so he tells me what to do.
I think Nick owns such a business.
I like watching Nick at Night while cleaning my room.
Nick has been in the business for years.
My dog's name is Popcorn and she is my buddy.  I watched Funny Dancing Dogs Compilation on you tube last night since dancing is my passion.
My parents say I became really tall because I ate so much red meat growing up.
Red meat is healthy for your bones.  I eat it every day and I'm taller than most.
I have always eaten red meat since childhood.
I like to pick fights.  It is easy with a drunk person.
You remind me of this guy at the bar who's always trying to pick fights.
i get angry sometimes, too. i enjoy going to bars but people often watch me get angry.
I wish I could be an animal because I just don't feel like I connect with humans very well and I don't know why that is but for some reason regular life disappoints me.
I like to use mustard on lunchtime hotdogs during the week at work.
I do really enjoy filling my weekends with partying and using mustard, which is my favorite condiment, on absolutely all my food.
Mustard is great on the hot dogs I serve at my parties.
I love going to peoples parties on the weekends because they always have burgers and hotdogs which go well with mustard.
I like parties that start with cookouts.  Hot dogs with mustard are one of my favorite cookout foods.
I love plants too! I have several around my house and inside an aquarium, where i have a pet lizard named gila.
some fish live more than a decade
My mother and father met on a fishing trip.  They are over one hundred!
Fish provides essential oils for seniors. That is why my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.
I eat all the food on my plate at the casino restaurant.
The only time I didn't clean my plate was when I went gambling in Vegas. There were so many lights in the casino that I got distracted.
I like the casino buffets.
I like the casino too, especially the buffets. They're a great deal, especially because I love food and regularly clean my plate during a meal.
I like casino food.
I only go for the buffets.
They know I love them and are proud of my service to my country.
I have a family as well and with everything going on in the world I would die for them in a heartbeat because I love them to death.
My favorite movies are the ones with superheroes.
I enjoy the outdoors and with all the time I spend in the sunlight, I would think my hair would lighten up but to my surprise, still I have black hair.
I like weird performances.  Sometimes I wish I still performed, but I work at a market now.
I had to get my market job because my performances were too weird for general audiences, and I couldn't make enough money.
I used to perform in a circus.
How many children do you have?
You must be very proud of your accomplishment.  I know motherhood is hard and challenging since I have a family of three daughters.
I have summer break so I can work.
I love the summer but we use a lot of power due to the AC running all the time.
I also work a part time job in summer with construction crews that put up power lines.
The only thing my mother taught me was how to cook.
I like drives with the family also.
I often stress eat due to the current poor conditions I have regarding my work life.
I love to shove food in my maw so I spend a lot of money on restaurants. I have to start cutting back though because I am going on strike at my job and won't be making much.
I'll be going on a food strike because that's the most effective pressure, to see people starving themselves.
They are shutting down the cafe at work.
I love food to the point that being a foodie is an expensive hobby of mine, so I hope I can continue to afford nice meals while myself and my co-workers are on strike.
I am joining the picket line at my job and I will have plenty of time to eat all the food I love to eat.
I listen but I can never seem to remember anything.
People tell me I never listen to their opinions, but I do listen, I just forget. I'm very forgetful.
I never liked my peers talking to me at school.
I have a daughter.  We like to go swim together.
That's awesome! Recently, I've started to learn how to cook, is there any dish you're good at making?
I had a rough night sleeping in my new bed last night.
I just learned to drive too. last night I drove to the store to pick up some salmon - it's my favorite fish. I make a great salmon entree.
I have an eagle that's as bald as me.
Having pets stresses me out.  It makes my hair fall out and I hate that.
I used to have a bird, until I started having kids.  Pregnancy and kids caused me to lose a lot of things, like my hair.
I enjoy talking to people and making new friends.
in social situations people say I am very honest
My neeest car has taight me to be social which is perfect since im open and honest.
My parents were very loving.
I was adopted too.  It makes me a bit cold hearted.
I grew up without any family.
She painted my playing my favorite sport.
I'm not very artistic. Instead, I prefer playing sports.
My parents make music while I draw my pets.
Mine paints dogs.
My parents like music too.  I'm more into art and animals though.
When I am not shopping I am out in nature.
I've been buying new outdoors clothes for going into nature and I think I bought too many. There are so many options.
I stupidly over do it on clothes.  I realize this when I go on nature walks and enjoy nature's beauty.
We have some free time between courses.
I haven't finished all of my schooling, yet.
My parents were farmers.
I used to work on a farm too.  I am a mom now though.
I quit my job when I got pregnant.
I'm waitressing because I need to support a pet I recently adopted.
I have had various pets since I was a kid. Some people even enjoy pets enough to consider a career/lifestyle centered around them.
I wish I could spend all day with her but I have to work.
I know nothing about politics.
Our factory is funded by the government.
I work for a private company.  I work with machinery.
My family is supportive of me as well. I am joining a dance competition and they are all going to come and support me.
Clan of something interesting?
I do not belong to any clan but I enjoy a traditional dance that my grandmother taught me.
I remember growing up too.  I had two younger siblings.
I'm sorry.  I kind of did too, always babysitting, as I am the oldest of 3 children.
My childhood was more bearable because I was an only child.
My friend Abby takes a karate class.  Abby is a wonderful person.
I believe abby practices martial arts as well.
I met Abby at karate.
Tea is good and I find food goes well with tea.
A long time ago, I had a lot of pets but these days, I only have my guide dog because I have a hard time seeing.
My only pet is a service dog because a degenerative illness makes it difficult for me to see.
I used to have some pets, but it's hard to take care of them now because I'm going blind.
I never went to college -- have more of a focus on relationships and such than just clout or "educational attainment" standards.
I am studying hard to become a writer like my husband.
I hope to get a good job when I am done with college.
my husband works as a doctor
She paid for my hospital bills.
My spouse if having an operation.  I've been here at the ER forever.
I only have one kid, how do you take time for yourself with so many kids?
I teach kids martial arts.  I'm a ninja.
My children are enrolled in karate classes.
I would like to live on an island, but I like meeting new people.
I would like a beach house where I can host many parties.
I enjoy working with habitats for humanity.
As a joke, I named my cats after the famous kings and queens of history.
my cats will also be important royalty.
i have five cats and am next in line to become queen of england.
I have black hair.
I eat a lot of calories to keep up
Exercise requires a lot of calories.
i love souther food myself
I always liked eating fish.  I lived on the southern Gulf Coast in the US.
Fish is something I'm familiar with.  Ate it all the time when as a kid I lived in southern United States.
I like making cookies also and teaching people how to make cookies.
Making cookies is fun. I learned how to do it from my mom. She used to whip up batches of them all the time for the kids in her class. Oh, did I mention that my mom was an educator?
I love teaching my child how to make cookies.
My dad also owns a store.
My dad works in a store.  He stocks the shelves.
I used to work in an auto shop.
I drink dairy free milk with breaded tilapia.
I usually have a glass of milk on the side of my meal.
I have to drink dairy free milk because I have a sensitive stomach. But I'm fortunate that eating fish doesn't bother me because breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.
I need to go get more. I just hate to drive though.
I love Star Wars.
There's a cheese factory in my area but I hate to drive so I never go there.
All of the Soviet Olympians were very fit and good at their sports. I try to be fit too, but I'm not as fit as they were.
They raised me to always exercise.
I heard the soviets were very fit.
My cats love jelly beans.
I only have one cat! I am going to go to the store to pick up some candy, do you like candy?
I wonder if my father liked to work on taxis too.
I have no clue who my father is, but my uncle has always been very supportive. He owns a cab company and because of him, I work outside on taxis.
I never knew my dad and always wonder if he's ever been in my cab.
I like drinking while reading.
I need to drink with smart people though.
I gave up drinking because it was all I did. I needed to make changes.
which online classes? i want to enroll my little girl in some
I hate when other people get raises.  My partner makes me feel better though.
I quit my job.
My partner just got a raise at her place of employment, so she'll be able to support both of us.
I feel like an outcast when I stay at home too much
I live homestead style of life and stay home all the time, but people call me weird names.
Oh that must be really nice for you! Does anyone say anything about you being a stay at home father?
Since I'm single, I've had a lot more free time to do my own hobbies, like writing in my notebook and drawing.
I can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. Sometimes I neglect people in my life because of it which is why I do not have a girlfriend at the moment.
I have time to scribe in my notebooks since I don't have a girlfriend.
i prefer ocean animals
I like bears. Don't you think they're the cutest? Have you ever seen one surf? I saw a video of one doing that, which looks like so much fun. Of course, I enjoy surfing so why shouldn't they?
Bears are interesting creatures but I love the ocean.
Oh that's great, what area do you specialize in? Does your spouse also work in medicine?
My spouse helps the doctors at the hospital heal people who are sick, and gets great joy from it.
I work as a psychologist.
Helping people is good,  My spouse helps people in the hospital.
You are similar to my wife.  My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.
i always admired people who help others
I love to go swimming.
I used to hike near my college.  I actually just graduated college.
I used to go hiking on the weekends when I was in college, but I just graduated.
I like to catch my own dinner.
I get really seasick. I do enjoy fishing though.
I go fishing a lot, but I don't have a boat of my own and have to borrow my friend's canoe.
I have 3 cats as well! I grew up with cats instead of siblings because I am an only child.
To keep me company, my parents bought me a bunch of pet cats to play with instead of siblings.
They are my family.
I like to snack while crafting
They keep my hands busy so I don't eat as often.
When I'm home on weekends I have nothing to do and snack because I'm bored. I should take up crafts so I stop eating so much.
I enjoy drinking cups of freezing water when I'm relaxing at the end of the day watching television.
I watch skiing shows.
My furnace stopped working and it was freezing in my house.  I was watching TV with a thick blanket around me on my couch.
Wow! I don't have any pets because I play drums and don't want to scare them.
I have a few dogs myself and they love to come lay down next to me when I'm playing the guitar.
My enjoyment of math and science lead me to use that skill in computer science as well.
I prefer animals over people.
Unlike reptiles, human have emotions. That's I why do not like people very much.
Me too; reptiles are warmer, in a sense, than people.
That sounds like the colors I wear on my swimsuit.  I've been swimming since I was a kid.
I always stand out in the pool because my swimsuit is a bright and warm color.
I just bought a new bright swimsuit.
I used to have a very bright and colorful swimsuit.
The kind of colors you find on swimwear.  I am a swimmer and started as a kid.
I save my bright color wearing for my bathing suits.
My boyfriend is a geologist, so I know what you mean. The two of us, we've been together forever!
I met my current boyfriend at college in a geology class.
I met my partner while I was taking a hike and looking at rocks.
I work at a dairy farm.
Not being able to drink milk is a problem because I work every single day on a farm milking cows.
I work a lot too, in a yogurt shop. Too bad I'm lactose intolerant. I can't even drink milk.
Self defense builds up my confidence and I am not afraid of bully at school. That's why I want to go back to school.
I have a dead sibling, which is tough on me. We used to work together and I really miss doing that, but I still serve at the Davenport Lounge.
I'm so sorry. What happened? Or where do you work, we can discuss this over dinner.
I work at a restaurant to fill my time.
I love being a large person.  It makes me about as unique as my sketching hobby makes me.
I think people stare at me when I go out. That's why I like to spend time alone sketching.
The problem with my sketches is that I always draw characters too large for their surroundings.
I used to chaffeur professional sports athletes.
I bought a car from a Patriot.
I can finally afford all the sports car modifications I want because I won a lot of money playing fantasy football.
My friend used to give me home grown tomatoes, but I haven't seen him in two years.
My husband is a vegan.
My friend went to go get veggies
My mother used to give me home grown veggies, but I haven't seen her in two years.
My husband is an excellent gardener.
My ex and I loved home grown vegetables.  Unfortunately, that's all we had in common, and I have not seen him in 24 months.
My boyfriend was really into his organic garden.
My son used to grow vegetables.
My brother has a veggie garden, but I haven't seen him in two years.
I like animals and have a few different kinds of pets.
I don't just have dogs, I also have other types of pets.
How nice! I am an animal lover myself—in fact, I have a pet reptile at home!
I get a lot of reading done when I go fishing, which I love to do. I fish constantly because I really enjoy seafood.
I have a few books about cooking fish.
When I read, I sometimes like to snack.
I wish I could make art for a living.
I like to color with midday sky crayon when not working.
It is nice to dream sometimes, isn't it? I do enjoy envisioning about future plans/options.
i sometimes like taking a break from the computer.
Sometimes I have to remind myself to put the games down and go outside.
I have to get outside after playing hours of a video game.
Is that a midlife-crisis car?  I think it's too late for me, as I am an elderly male.
Lots of older guys drive jaguars.
I don't need a fancy car.  I'm too old of a man for that.
I listen to music when I go visit them.
Though I grew up in hollywood, I am more of a country person and my radio is usually tuned into a country station.
My parents live out in the desert. The only radio station I can pick up out there is country. I just keep it tuned to the station these days.
I usually get a stuffy nose when around a nail salon.
that sucks. do you know if they're allergic to nails, which i love to have done?
I help my blind child learn about things by using educational dolls he can touch.
My daughter enjoys feeling the facial features on her dolls.
Dolls are fun to play with and my daughter enjoys the feel and the softness of them, too, which is good because my child cannot see.
I've seen how people have gone out of control with their money. I think that's why I developed an interest in being a financial analyst, in my case for a brewery.
I just can't bring myself to use money that way.
My husband was a soldier when we were younger.  We are both senior citizens now though.
i'm a senior citizen, but my husband was a career soldier.
To be a good artist, one needs the talent. Although I don't have the talent of sport, I like soccer.
After high school we spent several years working on the farm, we had a lot of corn fields and more chickens than I could count.
Ive only done farming, because i love chickens.
I just hang out on my father's farm
I like to drink coffee early in the morning.
Yes, one of my favorite foods is bacon! I always have a hearty breakfast as the sun is coming up!
I eat cow made sausage for breakfast in the morning.
I am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months because I'll finally be retiring from my teaching job. I'm going to miss it a lot because I always get close to my students. Believe it or not, years and years later, I have graduates who come to see what I have been up to.
I only spend time with my lover.
I'm not married, but I know what you mean about free time after graduation.
I don't even need a VCR to watch them.
I like newer technology.  I like to play my xBox.
I watch musicals on my game console.
I go out for breakfast every school day.  Because of this I am often late for class.
I don't like waking up early.
I live in a house full of kittens and I love all of them.
My best friends are felines and I can't get enough of them. As a result, I have too many kittens.
People make fun of me for being a "cat lady" but I think of all my kittens as either my children or my best friends.
I have never had much a green thumb, nor did my parents.
I have a garden at home, but my mom never sees it because she stays upstairs
I have so many plants in the living room that there is no space.
Many people learn best by reading, but some learn best by doing.
I am always seeking to gain knowledge.  One method I use is absorbing written materials.
Learning is fun to me.  I can absorb written material like a sponge.
Three decades is a blessing; and, to think, if you had a pet bird, some of them easily live thirty years or longer.  I love birds and have added one to my pets that I have.
I am a 30 year old owner of 5 pets.
I have been alive for three decades and I've always had pets ever since I was a kid. I have 5 pets right now and I love them.
I like the night time too.  I go on a lot of dates at night and have women calling me all the time.
I am always around women at night.
I always take the women out on dates at night because I think the night is more romantic than the day and I prefer it for dating.
I use eggs from my own farm.
My chick's favorite breakfast is fluffy pancakes and hotcakes.
I eat pancakes and feed them to my baby chick.
Alone I would avoiding eating too often since it can become overeating.
I like to make pancakes for my girlfriend in the morning.
I eat fluffy hotcakes with my chick.
i play music when I am not swimming.
I love playing the rock guitar.  When I don't do that I am a swimmer.
I do too, but really prefer a wider range of different hobbies for the novelty aspect of it.
My parents and siblings are my priority since my kids are spoiled brats.
I have given up on them now that they are adults.
Is there anything that you can do to teach them? What about asking your parents to help or something?
I later found out my mother was working at a waffle house in another state.
I invested in bitcoin and made a ton of wealth
I had a minor incident where I work.
I could never set up an event.  I love building houses though.
I tried to become a builder when I was older, but I couldn't figure to how to coordinate all the construction workers at the site and failed.
I wish that I was an architect instead.
Too bad each gun doesn't have a special sound to it, other than just a degree of blast or popping sounds.
I went into the military with this skill because I allowed me to mimic the enemy's voices and sneak into their ranks with my armament.
Why, are you in danger or something? Or is it just a hobby? Do you have any other hobbies?
we own a farm
I used to work on a farm.  My parents owned it.
I kind of own a farm.
That's cool, what kind of work do you do in the desert?
I used to live in the desert.  I moved getting a job helping people get a job.
I take people out on long desert hikes because the heat helps people sweat away the extra pounds.
Not many job opportunities in the desert.
I work with people in the wilderness.
I got started as an instructor by taking groups of people jogging through the desert, because the heat helps them sweat away the pounds.
I love when it rains.
Rc racing is my favorite hobby along with fishing.
i like to race rc cars and eat fish
Dad paid my way through college.
You make lots of money if you graduate from college.
My dad was an accountant.  I finished school and went to college for business.
I run when i play different sports.
I like to exercise and play sports, but don't enjoy running at all. I like to lift weights and my favorite sport is basketball.
I would hate working with food constantly around me -- too tempting to eat too much fats!
I am a server at a food place. It's kind of a dive, but they give me free meals so I have to admit that I eat greasy foods.
I eat greasy food during lunch break at the restaurant I work at.
I want to become an author.
I am, too—I read a new book every month. This month, I'm checking out J.K. Rowling.
I like to read books in my free time.
I like when I start new books.  I really like those written by JK Rowling.
I've never read the Harry Potter books, so I'm going to start reading them finally.
I am starting a new activity, which consists of analyzing all the Harry Potter books because I enjoy the writing of JK Rowling.
I read lots of books.
I'm staying with my same leisure time activity, reading.  I especially enjoy the writing of JK Rowling.
I have started up rereading old books.
That's wonderful, to be paid to be creative.  My job is boring; I would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.
You can make lots of money as an agent in the art industry.
That's great if she can make a living at it.
I think i do not look good without makeup.
I don't like standing out too much
I'm the opposite, having a lot of insecurities.
Learning about history is exciting especially when it deals with the theater.
The history of ballet and ballerinas is particularly fascinating, and one of the reasons I got into ballet.
That's cool, why are you so interested in the history of dance?
When we are not watching sports we often do outdoor activities
What does that mean? They just want to see black people? Do you have any hobbies, I like to draw.
But I'm not great at kite flying, because I always lose my kite in my next door neighbor's yard and I think he's starting to get annoyed with me.
I want to travel around the world to try different meats.
I'm a vegetarian. No one ever wants to travel with me because I don't enjoy local meat dishes, so I end up traveling alone.
Eating meat is great!  However my friends are vegan, so I go and explore the worlds foods alone.
My kids dress me up in funny ways.
My son recently got his hair done at a new salon.
I don't have any kids.  If I did, I wouldn't be able to afford my bright weave.
I played the piano at my father's funeral.
He taught me a love for music.
My father is dead, which makes me sad because he taught me everything I know, like my musical skill, which you would really see when I play piano!
I do too, even though I want to stop eating it. I'd rather be vegetarian.
Meat has been ruining my health and I need to get to eating more vegetarian.
I enjoy hiking so much that I've started to make educational films about hiking safety.
I have many things I like to do when I get off
You should make educational material about the outdoors.
I wish I'd paid more attention in school so I could get a good job. Nowadays I work two jobs just to make ends meet.
I have a partial scholarship but I still need to buy books and I have living expenses.  So to pay for everything I work 2 jobs.
School is very expensive.
I take care of the dogs when my mom is at work.
My mother who works in the healthcare industry said that dogs sometimes come to visit patients at the hospital to calm them down.
I love having lots of dogs.  We can afford it because my mom is a doctor.
I have done lots of styling to alter my looks over time -- now I just try and stay consistent with how I feel/"resonate" internally.
I used to dye my hair.  I was really confident about it.
I like to try different hairstyles but I'm quite confident.
Dying my hair gets me all the attention I need.
I'm trying to talk myself into dying mine an unusual color.
I dye mine as well on occasion, but being secure in my status as a wallflower, I only ever make use of unobtrusive natural colors.
I lived on a farm and had a lot of fun around animals.
I moved to a rural area last year because I wanted to raise my children around wilderness and animal life, not the city.
I had a lot of animals on my farm.
I studied history in college, but I work as a technician now.
I hate ham. I actually hate most meat; I prefer vegetables and I really enjoy fruit.
I don't really care for any type of meat.  I really like fruit though.
The only thing I like about it is when it's cooked with pineapples and I can pick the pieces of fruit out.
I spent most of mine at home alone in front of the television.
My parents let me do what I wanted.
My childhood was spent mostly watching television.
Despite being an orphan I have become successful and I'm able to eat out a lot.
I grew up in foster care, but didn't eat well growing up. Now I'm a foodie - I love pub food.
I had no idea, I'm sorry. I'd love to hear more about it over lunch, do you have any reccomendations?
One thing I am passionate about is writing.
there are many things I want my opinion on to be heard
I post my views on social media
I used to be a homebody myself, but I now live with my father and brother, so I look forward to getting outside and having some time to myself.
I'm not always that happy about staying inside, living with two males.  I reside living with my father and bro.
My parents never leave the house.
That's exciting! I don't really know how to dance but I can bake. I love to bake cakes.
I love walking my dog.  I always run into my friend and we talk about moa.
I generally like walking, say, dogs or such through new, unexplored areas as often as I can.
I like to go birdwatching with them.
We walk past the MOA
I have a bird that I actually have to take on walks.
I once owned a dog who liked to chase birds.
Pets play an important role in my science project so I love having pets.
My pets teach me a lot about science.
I like using my pets as science experiments.
I like studying about animal biology.
The science of how my pets age, diet and exercise has been teaching me how to be a better pet owner.
I like to study my pets' behavior.
After the cinema I like to get pizza.
My weekend routine is to go to the cinema and then get dominoes pizza on the way home.
I used to go see movies when I was younger, but the food is what made it perfect, not just the movie itself.
Sometimes I'll take my art supplies with me to the beach and I'll paint the sunset.  It's a great way for me to combine the beach with one of my favorite activities, because I love to paint.
I do not understand what you mean?
Sorry, I thought you said a completely different word. It's difficult for me to understand people sometimes because I'm hard of hearing.
Even though I'm going deaf, I can still enjoy tactile things like massages and scratching itches.
I always make the best of where I am, I always enjoy finding local hobbies and groups in the area to meet my neighbors
some people might think I live in an unsafe place
I don't want people to see my house.
I have a dog that gets angry easily when I don't feed him meatloaf or steak when I'm cooking a nice family dinner.
I like to travel to go see bluegrass and country concerts in the summer.
I have a great life at the beach.
It would be great to actually always be happy and free to come and go as we please though.
I used to have to pretend to be happy when I was living away from the water, but now that I'm by the ocean, I can be authentically happy.
If people think I'm happy they respect me.  So I grabbed a house by the beach because the scenery is so positive.
I want people to think I am always happy, which is easier because I just moved to a place by the water that I love. I like living by the water much more than my old place.
I try to be happy as I live in a wonderful place.
I'm ready for a break too.  I'm always on the go because I'm a reporter.
Being a reporter is a stressful job and I have to unwind.
I spent a lot of time researching a story last week.
Purchasing a Microsoft-developed console seemed like a natural choice given that my mother previously worked in the computer technology field.
I like coding games for the xbox.
We always had video games growing up.  My mom worked in computer technology.
Coffee keeps me alert to help me win.
In order to win, I need to be awake and drink coffee a lot.
I love winning and I'm so thrilled because I just came in first in a competition for which the grand prize was a year's supply of coffee, which is perfect because coffee is important to me.
When I was a teenager, I met my soulmate in the pool.
I am a typical teenager and I love doing all the typical things: shopping, dating, hanging out at the pool. In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool. Isn't he dreamy?
I guess I am too; I like to text, game, swim...In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool.
I can recognize bird songs when I take walks.
I like music that is about nature.
i like the sounds of nature
I wish I had more time to exercise, because I've gotten very out of shape. Unfortunately I work 60 hours a week.
It is hard to find the time.
I love artsy things.  I love music as well.
I prefer something passive, like watching television.
I can see you have talent in fashion. I have no skills in that area.
I blast salsa music from my car.
I drive far to salsa meet ups.
I don't like dancing, but I play a lot of music in my little car.
Though, I sometimes indulge in hard drink.
That must be hard to do sometimes. I need my little luxuries, like my liquor—especially my whisky, which is a guilty pleasure.
I spend a lot of money on alcohol per week.
The people in the shelter are into car racing right now.
Sometimes I'll take a few homeless people for a quick ride in my car.
That's so nice. I used to volunteer with special needs kids at a summer camp and we made the coolest projects. My favorite is this race mobile we made, which is delightful!
Sometimes I put on races for the community on weekends.
I am less philanthropic with my time and money.
I entertain people with cars.
It sure does. My favorite thing to buy is new music—I adore popular music.
I often buy new music CD's.
I still buy cds of my favorite singers.
Since I'm an only child, my parents push me to go to college so I can be successful and make them proud.
I love being around people, even if they are sick.  I hate being lonely like I was when I was an only child.
My parents were able to help me achieve going to a good college.
I'm sorry to hear that. My mom encourages me in my passions.
I could make him a nice coffin.
my own father who had a clothing line passed away as well
I will soon drink at college parties.
I am currently in college, which is important to me at this stage of life because I really believe in getting a good head start when it comes to education. I will turn 21 this year, so I'm right on schedule.
My high school folks are also in college so I will turn 21 this year.
I don't like people as much as pets either.  I have a lot of pets.
I definitely feel the same way.
I would like to get my first pet.
I have a large number of pets.  They all reside with me in a complex.
I might have to get rid of some of them.
I have a lot of animals in my apartment.
My mom used to have a hairy dog.  She is dead now.
My mom used to have a dog like that.
My mother also has a dog with lots of hair.
The hardest part about becoming an artist is learning to death with rejection and failure and never quitting.
I have not had any luck as a musician and am rethinking my career choices.
It is hard to get into your dream job and I have difficulty getting accepted into mine.
I don't go near or in the water for long.  Too much sun is bad with my complexion, and with my pale skin and red hair, people call me a ginger.
my skin is so dark because of the sun
My family lives close to the water and they call me a ginger.
That's what I hear from all them, as the girls call my phone all day long.
I can't get away to shop.  My girls call my phone all day.
I love shopping with girls.
I have one dog which I take out for a run every morning.
Having a pet can force one to get out there and walk.
You should write a book. I sell books, myself.
I make novels for money.
When I’m riding around selling books I run into a lot of people who are selling made up stories about celebrities.
Most of the times I’m happy because of the constant affection from my dog Lena.
I am happiest when I am hanging out with my dog.
having pets helps in making me happy
I need to exercise more in order to lose weight because I love eating snacks too much.
Park is a good place for picnic. And for the picnic dessert I love chocolate.
School isn't everything.  I'm sure you have other talents.  I'm not book smart, but I'm a wizard at the piano.
I decided to be a musician.
I found most of what we had to learn so boring. Music was my real interest.
I dropped out of school to get a high paying job I was offered.
I did a lot of schooling to get a degree that got me high paying jobs.
I did not finish my degree in school before starting my own company.
I love showing off my bright outfits when I am doing my reporting on tv.
I like to write sometimes.  I was the fashion journalist for my college paper.
Do you write about stuff you like or such?
I would like to teach.
Swimming is a good physical exercise.  I like to go running while listening to my favorite songs and my favorite singer is Britney Spear.
The lifeguard at my local pool looks just like Britney Spears. She's my favorite.
I like to listen to music when I swim.
i am very good at coming up with ideas for contests
Beside contest, I like sharing - I share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.
Many people wanted to know my opinions on things.
That's great, where are you hoping  to go with your career as a chef?
I find enjoyment in cooking and would love to do it forever.
Good chef is the key to a successful restaurant. I like to work in the restaurant as I would like to open a restaurant someday.
I painted my vehicle green in the shade of emerald.
I am thinking of getting a new car.  I want something in an emerald color.
the car I have right now is red.
I am definitely not.  I am good with animals.
I was never good in school.  I'm good with animals though, especially by puppy that I take everywhere.
I hear dogs can count in their heads.
I see caterpillars around the hotel by the pool.
There are caterpillars crawling by the pool on this hot day.
Often when I'm lounging by the pool in the summer heat I find caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle exploring nearby.
Last week I spent the afternoon at the pool next to my friends garden.  It was great as the caterpillars were everywhere and fun to watch while relaxing.
Living in South Florida allows you to enjoy the sun next to a pool while also taking in the beauty of nature like watching animals in various stages of their lives.
When I am not swimming I am out exploring nature.
The summer is my favorite time of year.  I like to see the caterpillars grow.
Caterpillars hatch from their cocoons during the summer days when it's hot and people are going swimming, so that's my favorite season to watch caterpillars.
I used to take healthy 'Meals on Wheels' around to the seniors in my town.
I eat nuts while I drive.
I like to eat healthy, but I'm on the road a lot so I eat a lot of junk.
I only have to worry about transporting myself.
I do not have a car seat.
I don’t have kids either, or a car.
I need daily routine to make improvement as I need to compete with other girls.
I am more about being the best, whatever the activity is.
I always put on makeup at the same time.
I ride only with friends.
I like painting cars
I like to rebuild cars.
me too, i especially enjoy eating it while listening to rap music.
I like to listen to certain types of music when I grill meats.
I eat burgers when i listen to music.
Most of my relatives live in Texas. It's pretty hot there.
We all live in Florida.
I have tons of relatives all over the country. My favorite ones to visit are the ones who live in Florida because I like hot weather.
do you now? that's similar to my next job in the federal court in a way.
I need to learn to defend myself.  My next job will probably be in the federal court.
I love shopping for fresh grocery
I can only go to concerts when I have a break from work, though.
I like going to concerts which means i normally have to take a break during a workweek.
I attend concerts when I get a break.
I am sure you like large coffees too, right?
i like going to bars to have beer
I've found the hugest guys at the bar, because the more brew guys drink the bigger their bodies get.
The automobiles channel is amazing and I can watch tv for hours.
I love watching top gear.
I don't know how to work on cars.  I'd rather watch television.
I am currently on bed rest from an injury.
we cuddle in the reclining chair usually
I wish I could still do that with my children, but after my back injury, I have had to listen to my physician and really change my ways.
I call the ghetto my home and so does my whole family. It's tough these days, though, because my mom has a terrible illness right now.
My mother is terribly ill at her home in the ghetto.
Ghetto living can be difficult. Poverty has certain worn down my mother's resolve, and is probably why she's so sick.
i love playing baseball with my son
I have two kids.  They both play baseball and we are at the ballpark all summer.
I play baseball with them.
I don't have time to cook since I'm always studying.
I eat dominos every day as I study.
Studies have shown that the less educated people are, the worse their diets are, and I want to eat healthier.
My mother likes to paint, but I like to collect rocks instead.
have you seen any with rocks as the subject? i like to collect them
I became a scientist to learn what was in meat.
A healthy diet is scientific.  I was in the lab and broke three beakers.
I became vegetarian because of my science work, in which I make analysis with burning.
My father is the local butcher
I've been asking my husband to go to the snow, but he refuses.
My favorite memory of snow was throwing a snowball at a person who I really hated.
Well they don't have to know all of our little secrets or potential outings.
If you ever want help with developing lactose-free recipes, I happen to be fantastic in the kitchen.
I can cook without using any dairy products.
I don't put milk in any dishes.
I just made a new dog bed.  I adopted a dog last week.
i am making a sweater for my dog.
I'm going to make my pet a bed to sleep in.
I'm going to make my new adopted pet a sweater for cold weather.
Maybe I need a hobby like that, although I am pretty busy right now, as I just adopted a pet.
I like making dog leashes.
I studied acting when I was a child in school.
I studied theater because I also wanted to be an actor, but I couldn't find work.
I have acted since I was young.
I like to go to the opera a lot, especially when I’m on vacation somewhere.
I'd like to go to Paris because there is wonderful music there. I like to go to the opera.
I would also love to go to Paris to see the Eiffel Tower, then to England to visit the Royal Opera House.  I would like to see the opera.
I like reading books about the environment.
That's impressive, I usually only read one a month. Personally, I enjoy going for hikes more.
I like to read in my free time and explore living things in nature.
I read about 3 books a week, mostly about wildlife and stuff. I have always had an endless fascination with the natural world, ever since I was a kid. To this day, more than anything else, I enjoy things that live in nature.
I like to go for walks to relax.
I perfer doing outdoor activities.
My kids always wanted pets when they were growing up and I never let them, so now that they're adults living on their own, they've each bought a pet.
I have adopted two children.
Its nice to have someone in the house for a change.
I watch tv while I am cooking.
I always eat a meal when I watch TV.
I eat my own cooked meals while watching tv.
My sister and I were in a movie once.  You can see me as a background actor.
we used to walk onto movie sets.
My siblings and I are actors.
I love to read books since I am deaf,
I studied floral arrangement.
I like anything with art, especially flowers.  I love getting bouquets.
Art is pretty, but the prettiest things I like are the bouquets I like to receive.
My job requires keeping up with appearances
It gives me almost as big of a rush as animal torture.
I work out by netting fish.
I like to fish for exercise.  I catch sea creatures and watch them suffocate in my bucket.
I like drinking with my boys instead of going on dates.
I take them out to bars.
I don't really care about gender, as long as they'll join me in a cup of coffee.
Our family always squashes bugs without hesitation.
You've probably seen some ghastly things. I could never handle it, I can't even handle bugs mostly.
When I am home, I like to clean the bugs out of the garage.
I've heard from soldiers returning from deployments in Iraq there are a lot of strange bugs over there.
I am in an army family and we're all tough as nails. The only things that scares me are bugs. Well, not all bugs, just spiders really. But bugs without eight legs are fine.
I grew up near a base in Florida. I left because of all the spiders.
I'd read a book on a cold winter day.
I used to get books from my parents at Christmas.
my favorite book as a child was The Long Winter
I love many things outdoors to stay active.
Fishing sounds like a nice time! i love hiking and staying fit.
My major has been useless in getting me a job.
My parents are rich so I stopped trying to learn anything
I studied art history, then married into wealth. I've never had a job and don't plan to.
I don't have kids. The way my mother and father talked about kids' bad behavior put me off ever having my own. They were teachers.
My parents always loved kids.  That's why they worked in the school.
I followed in my parents' footsteps and I am a teacher.
I still have to finish school.
I would love to study abroad in Spain. My grades have been really good this semester so I think I am going to apply.
I'd love to drop out of school and move abroad.
My roommate and I try to recycle as best we can.
I like my career but get lonely living alone. I'd like to improve my personal life.
does your girlfriend have a similar job?
I spend a lot of time in the bathroom.  My friends say I spend too much time putting on makeup before school.
The kitchen is where I put on my makeup.
I do makeup in the kitchen.
I have gone overseas once.  It was a fishing trip with my uncle.
When I am overseas I see my relatives.
I've never been overseas, but I love visiting the sea. I like going out on my relative's boat and fishing.
I went overseas to visit my cousin who spearfishes.
I travel to find fish.
That's cool, I went to a small island off of Korea and went fishing with my wife's family. It was a lot of fun, I learned a lot about fishing.
I will miss school breakfast.
School is stressful.  I'm glad I'm not under stress.  I'm able to stay away from carbs.
I used to eat a ton when I was in school, but now that I'm working a job I have to watch what I eat.
I'm setting this year's homecoming float up.
My creative process is a lot of planning and setting things up before I actually execute anything.
Oh, that's an interesting to follow directions and set things up, would you have interest in doing your own creative version of furniture?
Kids hating their veggies is the stereotype, right?
My kid does not like veggies.
I love vegetables because they are good for me.  I want to stay healthy because I'm the only family my child has.
I never ate veggies when I was a kid.  I'm glad that I only have one kid to fight with.
I am raising my children to be vegetarians.
Well, I'm glad someone does.  I can't get my child to eat vegetables, but at least I only have a single kid.
I like to play the keyboard when I am not at work as a chef.
I love cooking for family gatherings.  After dinner I usually entertain people on the keyboard.
When I am not cooking I like playing music
Maybe you can offer me some insider advice, as I recently was discharged from the hospital and am struggling with the ensuing debt.
It's hard being a patient in the US.
I knew I needed surgery when I fell.
My parents are lawyers that help the oppressed.
My parents always reminded me of those types of movies, though I couldn't decide which one they were.
I love when the villains are coporate executives.
I was attending university in upstate new york, but it got too expensive and I had to move somewhere cheaper.
I left upstate new york to teach at a university.
I would love to move back home to fulfill my dream.
I want to teach at a university in California.
I had to move away from upstate new york for a university job in the bronx.
I love teaching at the university.  I'm glad I moved to come here.
When I run outside, it is to get to water.
I love the outdoors.  One of my favorite things to do is swim.
I like outside things too.  Particularly I spend time at the pool.
I take my cats with me while I travel the world in the armed forces.
I was so sad when I was deployed and had to leave my cat behind.
My army group once found abandoned kittens in enemy territory and brought them home with us.
We adopted a cat while in the army.
I got to go visit a cool zoo overseas.  I'm in the armed forces.
I had to give away my pets.
I am more of an artist
I just graduate college.
My father is a music teacher, it's why I want to play music for a living
I just learned a new language, which is good because I'm planning on going overseas.
Yes, I am practicing a language too.  I am in a high school French class, and my group is going overseas.
I like going to language exchanges in different countries.
I read science books.
I like books too, but some books can be tough to read.  For instance, now I am studying biology.
I used to read a lot of books when I was a student.
I wish I was as sleek as those cars.
I got into shape by running and bicycling to work instead of driving in my car.
A lot of athletes have that type of car.  I'm in pretty good shape myself.
I teach exercise classes to adults.
I really value my exercise classes, but it's so hard to find one that offers flexibility around my full-time job.
i work as a freelance fitness trainer
I think a lot of political groups could be considered cults.
My twins help me with everything, including a place to stay. It has me aging like fine wine.
I've gotten a bit carless in my old age.
It's nice to have the tables turn where your children take care of you now.
I am planning to move to a new state soon and I'm excited because I'll be moving near the Rocky Mountains which is perfect for me because I enjoy hiking.
I like taking care of pets, especially horses. They have such beautiful manes, but my hair (which I call my "mane") is not as beautiful 'cause it's not a natural color.
I like to dye my mane because I work at a salon for pets, and we're always cutting, dying and braiding animals' hair.
I just love the color of animal fur.  I loved it so much I dyed my hair the same color.
I am often frustrated in the car when my children are rowdy.
If you think driving is bad now, imaging being a mother of two daughters.
When I'm not with friends I am pursuing my life goals.
i like doing something more creative.
I like to read comics about sports.
Me too! What do you like to do with your friends
What type of book do you want to write? Anything related to your occupation?
Maybe I can illustrate your book for you. I teach middle school art.
I love spaghetti.